Young master, this is it...
Take the car to the hospital.
The young man was sick of being too excited.
I'm sick, you're old, I'm sick.
This dog's conscience system detects it and says superpowers.
Mr. Wang, I ask you.
Are your shoulders and waist normal and not very good?
Young master.
You can see that.
This two years ago, I tried to bring the Dragon Queen to try to give birth to him.
This one to put next to will definitely accelerate my life.
We have to find an excuse to take him away.
Yes, this is because you get too cold.
I happened to be eating in Guinea having a project.
It's hot over there.
It's like a sauna.
You go there as a project manager.
I'll triple your salary.
Master, I'm just doing a little bit of work.
How can you stand it when you praise me like that?
This young man always rewards clearly.
Treat Business Like You Treat Sentiments
Must be serious.
Okay, you're on my private plane.
The whole night will pass immediately.
That fast?
But there's some work I haven't yet handed over.
You might have something to tell me.
The most important thing is to send the host to visit the Wang family.
What kind of nonsense is this called? Do you have a problem today? Is there a problem?
The quest for survival is once again inspiring.
Please live through the chapter of visiting the Wang family
Success will receive a mysterious reward.
If failure or failure to accept the task is directly wiped out.
Stop conquering.
Hey.
Young master, I will be your horse buffalo in the next life.
The guys who helped Tang Shou flirt with girls were very helpful.
Today I just helped him complete, this generation of Kim Thuy of Ms. To immediately flipped and flipped.
Help Sugar lack girls canopy
Remember to promote subjective initiative
Especially that kid named Ye Chen.
Into death.
Old King six six six
The grass is small.
Got it, thank General Manager Wang for the mention.
I was wrong hahaha